README.md, before:

### Unicorn's Studio

This is a save editor for the game [Will You Snail?](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1115050/Will_You_Snail)

### To-do

- [ ] Changeable skill and exploration point values
- [ ] Option to unlock all skill points, exploration points and dialogs
- [ ] 3 slots for user presets in-game style, with the ability to export and import presets
- [x] Sound effects (improvements might be needed)
- [x] Add every level of the game
- [x] Re-create the level selector of the game

### Contributing

All contributions are appreciated, pull requests are welcome. Opening an issue is better if the changes are not from the to-do list. Please test your changes before opening pull requests.

### Running locally

You need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) to be installed in your system.

- Clone the repository using `git clone https://github.com/tarikcoskun/unicorns-studio`
- Install modules using `yarn` or `npm install`
- Start the project in development mode: `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`

Commit message:

rebranding, update to-do list

README.md, after:

### Unicorn's Software

This is a save editor for the game [Will You Snail?](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1115050/Will_You_Snail)

### To-do

- [ ] Changeable skill and exploration point values
- [ ] Option to unlock all skill points, exploration points and dialogs
- [ ] Fetch save files directly from the save directory, change values directly in the files
- [ ] Parse save files into an easily readable and changeable format
- [x] Sound effects (improvements might be needed)
- [x] Add every level of the game
- [x] Re-create the level selector of the game

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. Issues are preffered for advices or new ideas. Please test your changes before opening pull requests.

### Running locally

You need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) to be installed in your system.

- Clone the repository using `git clone https://github.com/tarikcoskun/unicorns-studio`
- Install modules using `yarn` or `npm install`
- Start the project in development mode: `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`
